Release notes 11.0.0 through 11.2.0 warning update (#3708)
astronomer/docs: astro/runtime-release-notes.md

- Release date: April 26, 2024
- Airflow version: 2.9.0

:::warning

> Due to an [issue related to using custom plugins in Airflow](https://github.com/apache/airflow/pull/39167), you might experience an error when you run this version of Astro Runtime locally using the Astro CLI. To resolve this issue, either upgrade directly to Astro Runtime 11.3.0 or set `AIRFLOW__ASTRONOMER__UPDATE_CHECK_INTERVAL=0` in your Astro project `.env` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to an [issue related to using custom FAB actions in Airflow plugins](https://github.com/apache/airflow/issues/39144), you might experience an error when you run this version of Astro Runtime locally using the Astro CLI. To resolve this issue, either upgrade directly to Astro Runtime 11.3.0 or set `AIRFLOW__ASTRONOMER__UPDATE_CHECK_INTERVAL=0` in your Astro project `.env` file.
```

We should link to the main issue instead. Turns out there were 2 PRs needed to fix it.

:::warning

> Due to an [issue related to using custom plugins in Airflow](https://github.com/apache/airflow/pull/39167), you might experience an error when you run this version of Astro Runtime locally using the Astro CLI. To resolve this issue, either upgrade directly to Astro Runtime 11.3.0 or set `AIRFLOW__ASTRONOMER__UPDATE_CHECK_INTERVAL=0` in your Astro project `.env` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to an [issue related to using custom FAB actions in Airflow plugins](https://github.com/apache/airflow/issues/39144), you might experience an error when you run this version of Astro Runtime locally using the Astro CLI. To resolve this issue, either upgrade directly to Astro Runtime 11.3.0 or set `AIRFLOW__ASTRONOMER__UPDATE_CHECK_INTERVAL=0` in your Astro project `.env` file.
```

:::warning

> Due to an [issue related to using custom plugins in Airflow](https://github.com/apache/airflow/pull/39167), you might experience an error when you run this version of Astro Runtime locally using the Astro CLI. To resolve this issue, either upgrade directly to Astro Runtime 11.3.0 or set `AIRFLOW__ASTRONOMER__UPDATE_CHECK_INTERVAL=0` in your Astro project `.env` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to an [issue related to using custom FAB actions in Airflow plugins](https://github.com/apache/airflow/issues/39144), you might experience an error when you run this version of Astro Runtime locally using the Astro CLI. To resolve this issue, either upgrade directly to Astro Runtime 11.3.0 or set `AIRFLOW__ASTRONOMER__UPDATE_CHECK_INTERVAL=0` in your Astro project `.env` file.
```
